oh you know i gotta give me some of that
tech news
i want it so good
super computers around the world are
under attack by crypto mining hackers
wow that really sounds straight out of a
mission impossible movie or something i
can just hear tom cruise on the phone
like it's hackers
they're trying to cryptomine the whole
world but i actually don't think ethan
hunt's involved multiple european
supercomputers have been infected with
the mining malware called monero over
the past week including at least five at
german universities and the archer
supercomputer at the university of
edinburgh in scotland it's not clear why
these facilities are being targeted
although if you're looking to mine
cryptocurrency a supercomputer seems
like a fairly logical target but there
is some evidence to suggest there's one
hacking group behind all of the attacks
and in the case of archer the attacks
seem to come from chinese ip addresses
these attacks are also happening just as
many super computers are being
repurposed for covid 19 research so i
feel like you have to be a special kind
of evil to try and stop that so you can
mine some ethereum for yourself
let's talk about something less grim the
console war after the visually dazzling
unreal engine 5 demo that epic game
showed off running on a ps5 last week
epic games chinese division actually
said in the live stream that the demo
could run even better on a pc powered by
an rtx 2080 and an nvme ssd the live
stream has since been deleted but in it
the team from epic games china
reportedly said the ps5 demo we saw was
running at 1440p and locked to 30fps but
a pc with the specs i just said ran it
at 40 fps
now the reason we're talking about this
at all is because discussion about the
power of the ps5 and xbox series x is
heating up as we approach the console's
launch this fall with ceo of epic games
tim sweeney saying the ps5 ssd is going
to be more advanced than anything you
can get on a pc
and there might be some truth to that
once developers learn to take advantage
of the console's specific graphics and
memory pipeline but until then we don't
really have anything concrete to go off
of so i guess the only thing to do is to
speculate and
argue about it on the internet and in
case you were worried that things were
settling down the u.s china trade war is
still going strong the u.s department of
commerce announced restrictions on
friday that require foreign companies
that use american chip making technology
to obtain a license before they can sell
chips to huawei that's affecting
semiconductor plants like tsmc based in
taiwan which sells processors to huawei
china is obviously not happy about this
and is now injecting 2.2 billion dollars
into developing chinese chip makers to
take up the slack they're also
reportedly planning to put big american
companies on its own trade blacklist
including apple qualcomm and boeing
why is it so easy to compare the
behavior of countries and corporations
to badly socialized toddlers i just
that's just just something to think
about but now it's time for the quick
bits brought to you by the massdrop x
sennheiser open back hd58x jubilee
headphones wow when the name is that
long you know it has to be awesome
because these cans are tuned by axel
grell of sennheiser and mass drop
community feedback they feature new 150
ohm drivers a clear fast and dynamic
sound profile and replaceable soft
velour ear pads
luxurious they've also got a detachable
six-foot cable and you can check it out
and join the drop at the link below
quick bits huh right on ubisoft is suing
apple and google because they haven't
removed a mobile knockoff of rainbow six
siege from their app stores i guess this
is easier than suing the chinese company
that makes it because there's a whole
different copyright system involved
there and it's definitely a knockoff but
like ubisoft
this is how mobile games work
don't sue the player
sue the game like nothing not that one
game but like the big the whole game
like this
you know what i mean the fbi was finally
able to unlock the iphone of the gunman
involved in the pensacola naval air
station shooting in december last year
but they're not happy about how long it
took the us government is again calling
for apple to include a back door so
governments don't have to spend months
cracking iphones but apple isn't budging
saying device encryption will remain a
core part of iphone design now they just
need to address the innumerable ios
security bugs but that'll come in time
an email app called edison mail had a
bug over the weekend that caused some
users to see emails that weren't theirs
it seems like the bug only affected ios
devices and wasn't the result of a
security beach breech beach
i want to go to a security beach but
still hopefully most edison users are
good people because getting some juicy
gossip in your inbox well that's hard to
ignore getting out of jury duty might be
harder in the future as texas just
proved that even if you have to stay
home you can participate in a virtual
jury trial that's right a summary
judgment trial will be held via zoom and
frankly i'm gonna be pretty disappointed
if the judge doesn't say can we get some
freaking order in the chat
and bang his gavel
at some point
and dyson has taken the wraps off its
electric car but it's to announce that
they're not developing it anymore
founder sir james dyson apparently spent
over 500 million pounds of his own money
on the project but it ended up being
nixed because of what the car would end
up costing it would have started at 150
000 pounds
and that's just too heavy all right
enough of this nonsense guys come back
on wednesday for more tech news i
promise it'll make a little more sense
by then you know you got to give stuff
time to percolate in the old head i need
lunch to percolate in my tummy right now
so that's what i'm gonna do dennis you
didn't say anything the whole time
it's not funny yeah